Add Getting Started section (#449)
gardener/documentation: website/documentation/getting-started/observability/_index.md

**Metrics about the state of Kubernetes objects**

[kube-state-metrics](https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics) is a simple service that listens to the Kubernetes API server and generates metrics about the state of the objects. It is not concerned with metrics about the Kubernetes components, but rather it exposes metrics calculated from the status of Kubernetes objects (for example, resource requests or health of pods).

In the following image a few example metrics, which are exposed by the various components, are listed:
![](./images/data-flow-monitoring-2.png)

We only store metrics for Gardener deployed components. Those include the Kubernetes control plane, Gardener managed system components (e.g., pods) in the kube-system namespace of the shoot cluster or systemd units on the nodes. We do not gather metrics for workload deployed in the shoot cluster. This is also shown in the picture below.

This means that for any workload you deploy into your shoot cluster, you need to deploy monitoring and logging yourself.

> Logs or metrics are kept max 14 days or when a configured space limit is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs or metrics are kept up to 14 days or when a configured space limit is reached.
```

Having your workload survive on day 2 can be a challenge. The goal of this topic is to give you the tools with which to observe, analyze, and alert when the control plane or system components of your workload become unhealthy. This will let you guide your containers through the storm of operating in a production environment.

## Observability - Core Components

![](./images/core-components.png)

The core Observabiltiy components which Gardener offers out-of-the-box are:
- Prometheus - for Metrics and Alerting
- Vali - a Loki fork for Logging
- Plutono - a Grafana fork for Dashboard visualization

Both forks are done from the last version with an Apache license.

### Control Plane Components on the Seed

![](./images/control-plane-components.png)

Prometheus, Plutono, and Vali are all located in the seed cluster. They run next to the control plane of your cluster.

The next sections will explore those components in detail.
{{% alert color="info"  title="Note" %}}
Plutono, Vali, and Prometheus offered by Gardener do not provide monitoring for end-user workloads. If you need this, then you need to deploy your own monitoring stack into your Shoot cluster.

> {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: Please see comment about alert box :)

> {{% /alert %}}

Author: Ah, my bad, I'd forgotten to reply. The alert boxes work only on the websites, as GitHub does not render Hugo. This is expected behaviour.

> {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: Good to know.
